Changing the way energy is transacted:

Over 50% of consumers state they would be willing to switch to renewable energy at a slightly higher cost. As a result, there definitely exists a demand for the ability to easily choose the mix of energy supply, hopefully encouraging future renewable energy projects. If people can easily choose their energy mix within an app, the model shown here can transact with multiple energy suppliers, depending on the stochastic supply of renewable energy. Hyperledger Fabric's distributed ledger blockchain platform provides a perfect way to transact with a host of energy providers, including possibly with a neighbor's rooftop solar installation. 

Within a few minutes, consumers can be delivered energy from different sources depending on their preferences. However, delivering energy according to consumers' specifications also requires considering the renewable energy already supplied, the current supply of highly variable renewable energy supplies, and consumers' previous usage patterns. Linear programming optimization will be used to best match each consumer's energy preferences, and hyperledger's private blockchain implementation will deliver the highest level of security between transactions. 

In this repository, I will be implementing a simulation for a blockchain-based grid infrastructure, with the features outlined above. The implementation has one certificate authority (utility providers) responsible for permissioning nodes and has 4-10 users transacting with two power suppliers. This first implementation represents a foray into a completely new way of thinking about where our energy comes from and taking accountability for our usage of energy in the world we share. 
